# CS340_Portfolio
# Introduction to Databases CS340 Portfolio Project: College Collective


The problem that our website with a database (DB) backend will solve is managing a centralized college database. The organization of a college follows a logical schema of multiple important entities to track and store information on to ensure that the academic institution is operating optimally for its students and faculty. A college is segmented into multiple academic departments. Each academic department then has its own subsequent lists of offered classes as well as lists of professors. Multiple classes can and will have the same professor. And each class will have its own list of students for each subsequent semester. Students will also have their own lists of classes. For example, Oregon State University (OSU) has 7 academic departments and approximately 30,000 students, 5,000 faculty members, and 1,600 possible course offerings. A database driven website will record professors, classes, and students for each of the academic departments. Our College Collective website with database backend will help improve the day to day operations for the faculty and students of Oregon State University by organizing the relevant classes, students, and professors within each department for easy access and utilization. This will streamline operations for members of OSU and help the institution operate smoothly. Our database will record primarily object tables. The entities and their subsequent attributes and relationships will be described in the outline below.
